Since you know how to play original Tibet,
Do you know how miserable I feel?
Facing this old man every day,
In the end, he still wants to keep me safe.
I know that old man, I am directly working hard for you.
I don't care,
I don’t want to take care of him anymore,
Please give him protection,
I also have to go out to work.
I’m not going yet. I understand the meaning.
I just want you to take care of me,
Besides, we please love you,
I let it go,
Jie Jie Jie Jie, you listen to him no matter what.
That’s why I don’t have my own gradual progress
It's definitely ok if we finish early in the morning
Besides, what strength can I give you now?
Then you are a grown man
Can't you create your own thoughts?
Popularly speaking, you are a male father.
As a result, you have to listen to him in everything
Be the one I want to marry for the first time
Just start talking like this
I just don't care
How many of them will I live in?
If you leave, what will my dad do?
Then I won’t talk about children, just talk about it
You can stay if you want.
Then you have to agree to a condition